what's up everyone John render from
technobuffalo here back with my favorite
kind of video it's a giveaway video not
coming out on a Tuesday up this week
we've got the LG optimus G which can be
yours thank you to our friends at ATT
hooking us up with this guy let me tell
you what you gotta do to win so if
you're thinking yourself John I really
could go for a quad core phone with two
gigs of ram and all kinds of awesomeness
in it but I know my chance of winning
aren't that good well I've got answer
for you you can pre-order this phone
just coming out to November second links
let me down below to get you a pre-order
on but if you are one of the lucky well
one person that can win this guy let me
tell you what you gotta do to win we're
gonna make it super easy so today day
this video goes live is the 25th of
October one week from today next
thursday is november first all you gotta
do is leave one comment per day to enter
don't leave a comment on youtube so if
you're watching this on youtube hit the
link down below take you to article on
TechnoBuffalo calm and that's the art
lee leave your comment on leave only one
per day and that's per day pacific
standard time it's gonna end at eleven
fifty-nine p.m. pacific standard time on
the first doesn't matter what time zone
you're in just matters that you do the
conversion for pacific time don't leave
any more than one comment per day you
can say anything I want in the comments
what you're wearing what you want to be
when you grow up car you drive what car
you want to drive tell me a joke tell me
anything that you think I should know
about yourself whatever it is just leave
one comment per day if you can log in
using Twitter Facebook Google+ or Disqus
way to contact you if you win you might
want to try and log in using a desktop
or laptop when people have problems
logging in with iPads or tablets or
phones there's some friendly advice and
that's really gonna be it will pick a
winner at random using random.org and
we'll send you the prize the only other
caveat though this is an AT&T device
right here and the folks at 18th you and
I have to give it to us so this guy is
going to be us only but know what you're
saying John that's so unfair you stink I
live outside the US and you don't love
us well fear not we've got other
giveaways going on actually the past
giveaways been doing for the past
five months have all been international
so this one is just for our us friends
since well that's where I live and
that's where the carrier is so anyone in
the u.s. can enter and will ship it to
anywhere in the US who wins again if
your international don't fret we have
many more giveaways coming up they're
tailored for you thank you again to 18
teen again if you want to preorder the
optimus G links going to be right down
below and you can pick up yours in store
on 2nd of November I'm John renter from
TechnoBuffalo see you next video
you